(mellow music)
There are those few moments in life when something
so profound happens that it changes your view of the world.
Such a moment happened for me with Klaus Dona
in his office in Vienna when he handed me the occipital bone
of a human being that was between 21 and 23 feet tall
when they once walked the earth.
We've heard of giants in legends throughout history
but here was physical proof.
This along with other extraordinary ancient artifacts
make up the body of his work today as a curator
of unexplained ancient artifacts.
Klaus, it's wonderful to be with you here in Vienna
and I've looked forward to speaking with you about this
because your work is really beginning
to bring together information that has been disbursed
up until now in this very detailed work of hunting down
and working with these artifacts.
But, you didn't start with artifacts so let's talk about
where you began in the acquisition of artifacts, artwork,
and so forth prior to where you are now
so people can get to know you a bit.
I was doing cultural exhibitions mainly from Austria
to Japan and also to Korea and I had a lot of time
in the airplanes and also in the hotel rooms
and I read many books.
I was skeptic against many things and one day
I just had the idea it would be the best, select all these
strange artifacts which are presented in some
of the books and bring them to Vienna into an exhibition
and give the scientists a chance to check on them
and find out if they really are originally really old
or new and fakes or frauds.
So, this was a little bit naive, I didn't know that it
brings a lot of problems and trouble.
The biggest surprise was we found some scientists,
they did us some researches on some of the pieces
and they never found out that these pieces are new done.
They never found out that they were fakes?
In otherwords, they were all originals.
Yes.
So that surprised you?
A lot, and it made me change my mind
as the big skeptic.
I started to research more and more and the more you
research in these fields you find more interesting things.
And the stranger it gets.
Yeah.
Stranger and stranger.
Yeah, you'd think you get some answers, but all you get
is even more and more questions.
Yes, and we're sitting here, we'll look at them
in a little bit, with some unbelievable artifacts
that you have brought back from different places.
I've seen your DVD presentation and your other interviews
and slide show and there are some, we can't cover all
of them, I would encourage people to look at the DVD
to cover all of them, but there are some
areas we can go into.
And, I would like to start maybe with the ones
that you found, the region of the world and artifacts
once you opened up this whole can of worms, as it were,
that you found to be the most deeply fascinating.
That's very hard to answer this question because
they are all, each piece gives you a new idea
or shows you a new way so that means for me,
as I said many times, each piece is for me like a piece
of a puzzle,of a huge puzzle.
And, to put them together, maybe and hopefully
in the near future we are able to find
at least a kind of final picture.
But, the final picture, I think, we would need hundreds
of more years.
On that note let's start then,
We'll just start somewhere, a piece of the puzzle
that I think most people are fascinated with
is the subject of giants that walked upon the Earth.
There are books devoted to this, there's speculation,
but let's talk about it from an artifact point-of-view
what you have discovered.
I found bones of a 7.6 meter giant,
in Ecuador.
25 feet tall.
Nearly 25 feet tall.
And, for me also when I got this information
first I was really, again, skeptical.
I thought 7.6 meter, nearly 25 feet, that's too big.
It's impossible, so I went to a Ecuador.
I found the family of
Father Carlos Vaca, he was a priest
and he was called by people in a small
walley inside the south moutains of--
A little valley?
Ecuador and there was a heavy storm and part of
a mountain platform was broken down and huge
bones, completely destroyed, broken, came up,
appeared on the surface.
So, they were very anxious and they called
Father Carlos Vaca and he was as a priest working
in hospital in Ecuador, so he knew
what kind of bones they might be
so they called him and he checked the bones
and he found out that it was a human skeleton.
And, they did measurements and they got the conclusion
that this human being was 7.6 meters.
And, I was allowed to bring some of the bones with me
from the family to do some checkings here in Austria.
And, two pieces were recognized by professors
of Anatomic Institute and doctors.
One is a part of the heel bone and the other one
is the so-called occipital.
It's a bone which we have exactly in the center under
the skull which makes us able to move our skull.
So, we did even comparison with original human
occipitals they look exactly the same, but again
the difference is about five times bigger, this piece is--
Yes, that's a huge piece for these little
occipital bones back here.
Yeah, they are about this size in our size,
and here it's about five times bigger.
So, again, we have a lot of in archives
we find some documentations that they wrote
in the 1570s, 1580s that they found
several human skeletons on the coast
of Esmereldas in Ecuador.
And, if you think that the people at that time,
the Spanish people, they were about 150 centimeters.
So, if you multiply 150 five times you reach
exactly 750 or 7.5, 7.6 meters.
And, we found also a big granite stone axe
in a museum in Cuenca which is about 70 centimeters,
that means that size.
Very heavy granite and you can even see where
some bindings was held around
the granite stone.
Again, we did comparisons with normal stone axes
and they are exactly again five times bigger.
That means these big stone axes are called
ceremonial axes--
Eggs?
But the question is for what kind, axe.
Oh axe, axes.
Axes, sorry.
Thank you, now we have the right picture.
I was looking at an egg.
My pronuciation is not perfect, axe.
Axes, okay, so if would have been the right
length to wield by of someone of that height.
For a big person like this giant.
If you're 25 or 30 feet tall.
It would fit perfectly.
I can't tell you what a privilege it is to be
sitting with you and to be able to hold a piece of a being
that lived that was that tall.
And, the one thing I noticed about it while holding it
is that it's incredibly porous.
It's not heavy.
No.
Now, could this be through a type of erosion,
evaporation, or something, decomposition that it's so
lightweight, or is it possible this being, according to
the anatomical researchers, that whoever this being was
may have actually had a much lighter skeletal structure?
That could be, that's what we still have to do
some more researches on bones from this skeleton.
Let's talk about where else in the world,
I mean your research has taken you everywhere.
And, you've certainly be made aware you have an incredible
connection of people around the world.
Where else in the world have we seen these tall beings,
these giants?
So, tall giants were seen only by
one Russian professor, Professor Ernst Muldashev in Tibet.
For this height.
Because they are the so called Samahdi Tunnels,
Samahdi Caves and he heard about on
his several times travels to Tibet he heard about
the Samahdi Caves and he was talking with some monks
and he got friendship with them and they explain him
that inside these Samahdi Caves there are human
with different size beginning from normal size,
of our human size up to 10 meters.
That means even bigger, taller
10 meters?
than the Equadorian.
About 33 feet tall.
That's right.
So, after several trips there and getting closer
and closer friendship to the monks they
allowed him to do a special meditation
and after few days he was able to enter into
one of those Samahdi Caves because usually
if you enter, they are protected
through energy, that means you could go in
but from the beginning you start getting headache,
heavy headache and it's getting more and more
until you are dead.
Yes, I understand.
So, he was allowed and through this special meditation
he could enter into one of these Samahdi Caves
and he saw human in different size
sitting in the lotus seat and the bodies
have no functions, but they are not dead.
That means that the explaination of the monks was
that they are connected with a silver string
with the universe.
That means that they could be able to go back to life
whenever they would decide.
So, it's almost in a suspended animation.
Do the organs still function?
No.
They're sleeping, everything's asleep?
They're completely, body has completely zero function,
but the bodies are not dead.
That means they really could go back to life
whenever they would decide.
And, what types of bodies was he seeing in there?
Very strange ones, normal ones,
but also up to 10 meters.
And, he is the Russian's most famous eye doctor because
he did until now the only functioning eye transplantation.
And, he's also a member of Academy of Science in Russia,
but still his colleagues, of course, didn't believe him.
So, when he heard about my story
about bones from Ecuador from
a nearly 25 feet giant he visited me with his
expert colleague and they check the bones
and they also recognized that these bones
are from a real human giant.
And, it's an approval for him, not only approval for him,
for his colleagues that his story is not just a story.
The Samahdi's really exist, are existing in Tibet
and Tibetan monks told him that the same
Samahdi Caves are in Mexico and in South America.
And, there are stories about the Spanish Conquistadors
when they took out the mummies
from the real Incas they steal, and it was described
in historical papers that they still had the skin
like in life and the question is
were they Samadhis or what kind of
mummification did they use that the skin
was nearly like from living people?
And, maybe what kind of chamber were they
preserved in, what were the energetic forces in the chamber?
That's the other question, yeah.
So, that would indicate we're looking at
a couple of continents anyway, well three, if we're looking
at the giants.
And also, there have been legends of the discovery
of giants, there was quite a lot around the turn of
the 20th century where even in the midwest
in America there were small newspaper articles
of explorers, hikers stumbling across certain ones.
I recieved a lot of archive documents from American
newspapers from 1880
up to 1920, 1925.
Then, the reports stopped and this is very strange
because I'm quite sure that even up to today
there are giant skeleton findings, for example in Utah.
I recieved from Wayne May the publisher from
Ancient American magazine, I recieved a lot of photos
of 2.6 meter giant's skeletons from Utah.
Also, from Bolivia they found skeletons with oversized,
also 2.5 meters.
So, all over the world and the strange thing is that in
the old newspaper reports there's exactly written
the name of the archeologist and most of these reports
are ending that these skeletons were brought to
the Smithsonian Institution.
Okay, that's what I was just going to add
to the conversation, the same thing the finding in
the Phoenix newspaper.
I think it was 1909, 1910 about the huge cache
of Egyptian artifacts that were found in a cave
in the Grand Canyon.
In the Grand Canyon.
And, the Smithsonian came and the story ended
and all the stuff is gone, it was all spirited away, I don't
know where they took it.
Now, it's prohibited area.
It's a prohibited area, that's right.
And, it's the people who have gotten to it and know where
it is say this is a very difficult place to access
unless you're accessing it from some other means,
certainly not from hiking.
You're not gonna take that load of artifacts in hiking
it down in there.
So, that's interesting and also in the southwest another man
that I met with briefly,
he's been more or less silenced,
was showing his slideshow of the red-headed giants
in the southwest that are entombed in these cylinders.
And, it showed the remains and still the hair and skin
was on them, about 15, 16 feet tall.
Yeah, I also got a report from Utah that
a man there found in a cave two mummies.
The man had red hair and was about three meters
and had a kind like armory on it,
and the lady was blonde and 2.7 meter.
And, in the same cave there were about 60 stone boxes
precisely done with copper plates with a completely
unknown writing on it.
It's very interesting.
It is, I just love this subject, fascinating
because it fits nothing of what we know of the history
of our own lands.
And even these artifacts that we will feature in just
a moment sitting before us, I can't even fathom
how this flute was made.
Nothing that I can see in it would make sense to be able
to carve from the inside without any access points.
And, these other pieces, you have no idea of what age
they are, where they're from.
Oh, by the way, getting back to the giants, it's not
possible to capture any DNA out of this.
No, we asked the expert for archeological
DNA research in Salsburg in Austria
and he did a lot of test on the bones
but he told me it's completely impossible to get even
a little piece of chance of doing a DNA on these bones.
That means they must be really very, very old.
Very old, you said that in common understanding
they can't DNA past, can't do an analysis
past 10,000 years.
That's what he told me, of course, it depends where
in which area which kind of earth the bones were covered.
Sometimes, it even doesn't take 10,000 years.
Even if the earth is contaminated, it takes only a few years
and it might be impossible to get any DNA.
It depends of the condition where the bones were covered.
But, aren't they always attempting to do
DNA analysis on, you know, the big archeological digs
looking for, you know, the missing link in humanity?
Don't the try to carbon date it?
Are they able to obtain any DNA?
That's the big question I'm also asking, for example,
in Peru there are these elongated skulls, where offically
they are elongated, artificial elongated,
but I think they are natural that size
and that form.
So, it would be quite easy to take a little piece of bone
and even some of these skulls they still have hair
on them and skin particles.
So, it would be quite easy to do a DNA analysis
and age dating.
Yeah, with the skin and hair
you should be able to.
So, is this in the works?
The question is why they don't do it.
Is it possible that you'll be able to
faciliate some of this in Europe?
You're going to be doing an exhibition next year.
If I could get one of these skulls, and of course, I would
ask if we are allowed to do certain check on it,
the of course we would do it.
I think everybody watching right now
will look forward to seeing if that does come to pass.
And meanwhile, talking about elongated skulls, you have
this little piece here and we'll get a closeup on this one.
And, it's the same thing again that we've seen repeatedly
and also shows itself in the Egyptian heiroglyphics,
and that is this little person with this cone shaped head.
This pops up all over the world and this particular
artifact is part of a group from?
Central America, a farmer found in a cave
3,000 artifacts.
2,500 are stone made
and carvings in stones.
The smallest one is like a medallion and up to
50 centimeter size.
And, around 500 pieces are made out of kaolin,
kaolin is a material which normally is used
to make porcelain.
You cannot carve it, you must
put it into a form to get this piece for example.
So, it has to be poured into a mold.
In a mold, so what does it mean?
You need the negative form, you need the molding form
and then you can make it.
And, first of all, you must be a real good artist to be able
to make such pieces.
Oh, these are amazing pieces.
That's number one, here you have for example,
a complete elongated skull and this looks exactly like
some of the skulls from Ica in Peru, that's very close
to the Nazca Lines.
So, it's very strange and therefore I would be really
interested in doing a DNA analysis on some these skulls.
Second, to make 500 pieces that means
you must make 500 negative molding forms
and then the molding form itself.
Because you wouldn't be able to reuse the mold.
And, then you just make out of each one, you make only
one piece, I mean that wouldn't make any sense.
Then we did specific weight checking
in Vienna and we had to put this piece, which you hold now
in your hand, we had to put it into the water for the
specific weight test and when I got it back
and it was wet I tried to move
a little bit from the patina.
As you can see here, this,
the patina was easy to remove.
So, I was very much surprised and I thought,
"Oh, this is a fraud," because usually if you have
an artifact with such a patina and you put it into the water
and you take it out you cannot remove the patina that easy
because it connects with the original material the patina.
So, I talked with a physicist about this
and he explained me that on this material the patina
cannot connect to the original material.
Because of the nature of the ceramic?
Right, the nature of this material.
So, he explained, of course, in hundred, in 500,
in 1000 years it's getting a patina,
but comparing with other material the patina
would not be able to connect completely with
the original material and that's why
it is very simple that you can remove the patina,
even it's very old from this piece is very easy.
But again, personally, I was surprised, I thought,
"Uh-oh, this is a fraud because why you can remove
"the patina that easy."
But, if you talk with really good scientists sometimes
you get a good explanation.
These are in such an incredibly good condition.
When you said they were found, were they found more or less
as a collection or a pile or were they in the earth?
No, they were stored in the cave.
Stored in a cave.
And, the cave was closed.
Okay, so I don't know, certainly no one's
going to take a hammer to them, but they're very
lightweight actually.
Yeah.
It's almost like it's a type of a clay of some
kind, but it's not clay?
It's not clay.
And, they have no idea where these little
cone head people came from, these little figures?
Yeah, but they are in this collection there are many
different types of cone heads,
of elongated heads, of different eyes
and everything.
So, that means it looks like a collection of really
different type of humans or whatsoever.
So, it could be humans, it could be non-humans
I mean you get a lot of the big eyes and the cone heads
and the things we typically see when people
have depicted aliens either through their own experiences
or when they've found other artworks.
Certainly, a lot of other artwork exists
throughout the world.
But, the problem with these pieces is that there are
some people which so perfect in carvings, even in stones,
with sun eruptions showing also
black holes, worm holes, and such thing.
So, it's very hard to prove the
authenticity of these pieces because they are too good
and this is the problem.
They're too good.
You don't know what culture they came from.
And yet, at the same time, there's no, as you say,
there's no indication that they're fraudulent.
No.
And, this is interesting, I mean, trying to
ascertain what just this one piece means you have the side
of the face of a sharp toothed creature of some kind
and on the inside of the mouth is the face of a human being
being imbedded or housed within another being.
And then, it looks like technology like a spaceship even,
like it could be a spaceship very easily.
I mean, this ellipitical part, I mean,
it seems like we're getting very, very close as a species
to starting to see a very interesting
human path emerge.
And, especially I was very surprised when I recieved
the first photos from this collection because I always
said I would not talk about aliens and
flying saucers and everything as long as I do not
have any approval.
But, when I recieved 500 and more photos from this
collection some of them different kinds of stones
in carvings, some of them like these pieces here
from different material then you really start thinking
what is this really?
And, as I said before, the in carvings are sometimes
so precise and so perfect I would say too good
for the scientists, they would never believe it
and accept it as original artifacts.
And, we were talking off-camera and you said
some of these even show beings that have helmets on.
Yes, you can even see that there is a kind of glass
closed, the helmet with glass--
Like to protect them from the atmosphere,
like we would use a diving suit.
You see very huge, big eyes sometimes and even
inside of a UFO and some have the form
of flying saucers and you can even see some persons
looking out from some windows around.
So, they are too good and that would be the biggest problem.
I think it takes a long time until we can prove
that these pieces are original and old.
But, for me it would be an explanation where the Mayans
in Central America did get their fantastic knowledge
about astronomy, about mathematic.
And, they had the more precise calendar than we do
in our days.
Yes, I had a chance to interview
Jose Arguelles before he died about this
and what he told me was absolutely fascinating.
And, I think that he felt that his purpose for being born
into this lifetime was to bring that information back
forward again to the best of his own abilities.
And, he had said that the other Gregorian calendar
was an artificial construct that had been introduced
to humanity through some other lineage.
And, I said, "What other lineage, are we talking of maybe
"an off-planet lineage?"
And, he said, "Yes."
And, that particular calendar as opposed to the Mayan
calendar which has that natural kind of cosmic cycles
and rhythms, the other is very unnatural and it takes
people's psyche and just puts it ever so slightly
out of sync with the sense of cycles and time and he felt
that this was very intentional.
And was here to bring back knowledge of the Mayan calendar,
as you say this perfection of the cycles
which puts us back in sync with ourselves, our psyche,
our cosmos, our planet, and everything else
if we looked at time in a new way,
Which all of these pieces come together whether it's you
and Jose and Michael Tellinger's work.
You've been doing a little bit of work
with Michael Tellinger.
Oh, yeah, oh yeah.
And, those beautiful pieces, we've interviewed
him a couple of times and those beautiful pieces
that are acoustic that he talks about are another kind
of ceramic we don't understand and yet they've been
there for many, many, many thousands of years.
And, they are very, very old definitely.
Perhaps hundreds of thousands of years old
it's appearing.
I think so too.
And again, when I was invited three weeks ago
for a conference in Bosnia to the Bosnian Pyramids
I could see also ceramics, bigger than this table
and they look like stone, but they did really scientific
researches on the material and they found out that
it is ceramic and the color of these pieces are equal with
the color of the artifacts from Michael Tellinger.
So, now we are trying really to connect all these places
because, for me, they have a kind of connection.
They are connected.
And, it makes sense if you just look at
what they're saying, it appears that throughout history
there have always been flying machines of some kind.
You have the Vimanas in the Vedas
and Mahabharata.
And, there's an interesting story that it was mentioned
that they were using, for flying they were using
liquid mercury.
What kind of mercury?
Liquid.
Oh, liquid mercury.
Liquid mercury.
Interesting.
And, in Teotihuacan, in the Mexican
pyramids they found in an underground tunnel
a stone box which was completely filled with liquid mercury.
So, how comes?
And, even the story about the Nazi flying saucers
in the second World War, it's also mentioned
that they used mercury.
So, something must be behind that.
Yes, and I've heard tales about where some
of that technology had come from, that it had been
reverse engineered technology, prior to World War II,
thus the advance in the space race, really.
And now, so we have these artifacts, I think certainly
we're understanding that these very interesting
and diverse types of species that there has been
no explanation for has been living all around the planet
including giants, and there are also tiny, tiny skeletons
that have been discovered of tiny, tiny little people
as well, only less than a meter tall.
So, we have very unusual breeds of intelligent life force
that appears to be human, humanoid in a way
around the planet.
And, not only that, but there's been what I think
a colleague of yours calls a pre-Sanskrit language
that has also evidence has been found of this all over.
We found on stones the same writing from Columbia,
Ecuador, United States,
the famous Burrows Cave in Illinois,
Glozel in France, Malta,
Calabria in Italy, Turkmenistan,
and even Australia.
And, all those writings in each of these countries are not
accepted as original artifacts.
In Glozel the land owner found it
already in 1923, over 300 pieces
with this strange in carvings,
Illinois, Burrow's Cave 1984.
Father Crespi in Ecuador found stones with exactly
the same writing in the so-called Cueva da los Tayos,
a huge underground tunnel system.
And, it's always the same writing, but why it is not
accepted as a original writing
because some of the scientists are saying that this writing
is a mixture of different kind of writings,
like the runes
and the Sumerian writing.
Runes, cuneiform.
And, there was one man, yeah cuneiform, and there was
one man at the professor the German Linguistics Society
who deciphered, he called it not translated.
He said, "I was able to decipher
these writings."
And, he called it pre-Sanskrit because he said it is older
than the oldest writing.
And he said, "This writing has a connection even to
the Indus Valley, Mohenjo-daro, Harrappa writing
and to the Easter Island writing.
So, that means there must have been a global
civilization once.
And, why they used writing on stones because they knew
if there is a catastrophe happen all the other material
would disappear, but stone would keep it's surface.
(coughs)
Sorry.
That makes sense, because if they were
sophisticated enough to do some of what we're seeing
and to have been interfacing with, if not creating
some of the technology that's being indicated.
(coughs)
Sorry.
We'll take one moment to do the same thing.
(coughs)
Okay.
Then--
Lost the question.
Okay.
(coughs)
Yes, because if they were sophisticated enough
to have either have been interfacing with or even
creating the kind of technology that's showing up
in some of these artifacts being depicted in it,
which is sophisticated technology including in Egyptian
artifacts they certainly were sophisticated enough
to create paper, or create fabric,
very primitive things and write on that.
But, as you say all of these things have been preserved
in the one thing that lasts for, it has to have been
for the purpose.
And, they knew, of course they knew that any other
material in thousands of years wouldn't exist anymore.
So, this is a simple talk from
some of the scientists that they say,
"If there was a global civilization
"why did they write so simple letters on stones?"
Exactly because they knew what would happen
if we would have a catastrophe and what would be our--
Legacy?
Legacy.
Nothing if the grid goes down.
A DVD?
We have even problem with a 20 years old floppy
to get anything, any place to get this status back.
So, what happens?
And, it would disappear completely.
Yes, and what's interesting is the Mayans
had an innate understanding as going through
and also the Hindu culture, also the Egyptians
of the cycles, well you can go back to the progression
of the equinox, but the cycles of consciousness.
And, that there would be times in history
where consciousness would go dark
and fall and memory would be gone.
And then, there'd be times when consciousness
of civilizations would rise back up and have the ability,
knowledge, perhaps technology and curiosity to begin
rediscovering these things.
So, the people that created these understood that,
so they must have known that there would be a time,
IE now, that we would be waking back up again
and looking for information about our roots as a people
and civilization, or maybe our place in the cosmos,
as a species.
And, the strange thing is that especially the last
two, three years more and more strange artifacts
are coming up to the surface.
There are new findings, of course, through
better technology, of course, but also
in all over the world new, old buildings,
old monuments, old artifacts
were found.
And, I think all the legends have a big
quantity on reality and we should follow
more our legends--
Legends, yes.
Legends of the elders and shamans because there
is a lot to learn from the past and maybe it would
help us to survive in the future.
Absolutely, and when you're speaking, again,
of these various artifacts that are placed all over
the world and some of which are being rediscovered
we're talking about pyramids, whether they're ziggurats,
step-pyramids, or whether they're smooth-sided pyramids
they're all over the planet.
Yeah, we even have some pyramids in Austria.
And now, this Bosnian Pyramid, of course, there are three
mountains, so called mountains, but they did already
excavations on the surface of the so-called Sun pyramid
and they found huge stone blocks and things
which definitely nature is not making.
But then, they had a delegation from Egypt in Bosnia
and these professors--
Egyptologists.
Said, that this is definitely not a pyramid so they
prohibited to do further excavations
on the surface of the mountain, of the pyramid.
But, they started about two and a half kilometers
away to excavate a huge
underground labyrinth.
And, they found things inside there, I visitied it three
weeks ago, and it's just incredible.
Nobody knows who did it, but approximately
they found some organic material and did age dating.
The age of the building is around
12,350 years.
That would fit again with many legends about the flood
and all these things, and they closed it,
completely the labyrinth, they closed it again.
But, the complete labryinth that means what is inside
so valuable or so important that they even filled
the labyrinth, not doing it, not making it
about 12,350 years ago,
but then closing it and the age of closing
is about 5,000 years ago.
So, that means for over 7,000 years this labyrinth
must have had a function.
And, what was for me very exciting
is that they opened until now
about 260 meters of the tunnel
and even you are at the end of the tunnel
there's completely fresh air, the same temperature
12 degrees Celcius.
And, there are no bacteria, there is completely no radiation
inside the tunnel system.
Which, that's not normal at all.
That's not normal at all.
To have no radiation.
Completely no radiation inside, they did measurements,
everything.
And, they have up to 40 times more negative ions
than in a very good ion sated room?
Oh saturated, a room saturated with
negative ions.
And, I spent over one hour with some friends inside
one of the small rooms there and even they closed
the light so you have a completely darkness, you have
a completely silence and when I left this labyrinth
I was so energized I thought it's the same I could have had
14 days really holiday.
Oh, it sounds sublime.
So, it could have had to do with healing, a regeneration,
rejuvenation.
Yeah, but still there must be something else
and they did even special sound recording
and when they changed it that it was possible to hear.
They played it, the professors, in the conference
and it's amazing because you have a sound like an engine
is running.
And, when I spoke with Nassim Haramein a few days ago
and I explained him this he sent me two MP3
files one of the sound of the sun
and one the sound of a UFO.
And, strange that the sound is
very similar so there must be
something inside this tunnel system,
or the pyramid or whatsoever, but I'm quite sure
because why did they close it completely
the labyrinth of 5,000 years ago.
Indeed, and in fact, we were having a little
Viennese cake and coffee yesterday at a little coffee house
talking and you imitated the sound that you heard
and when you were doing that I thought, "Ah,"
and I have an audio tape
that was also given to me about 10 years ago
from two people who had recorded
the sound of a UFO and it was the same sound
you were making.
And again, the connection between the pieces
and the labyrinth and the energy and the sound
because they did even measurement on top of the pyramid
in Bosnia and they found out that there's a strong energy
going straight up into the sky from the top of the pyramid.
And, that remembered me immediately with the researches
of Michael Tellinger of the stone circles in South Africa
that they also produce sound, they also produce--
Like standing waves, yeah waveforms.
Standing waves and everything.
So, was that the same civilization?
That's again a big question, and it's interesting to trying
to find out a real good answer.
And, if the technology and means were there
we'd probably find these exist again in other places
as well most likely, more than just two isolated places
on the planet given everything else that you're finding.
And, you know, it's interesting too is some of the,
again I'm encouraging people to get the DVD
because you have to see all of these incredible artifacts,
some of which you're going to gather together to do
an exhibition in 2012, but the quality
of workmanship on some of these pieces,
and especially the collection that has the little
constellations and eyes when you place them
under a black light these things glow.
You couldn't see that, you would pick up the stone
and you would see that, but why something that glows
under a black light when there were no black lights
thousands, or tens of thousands of years ago.
What were they doing?
That's what we know, I always say "That's what we know."
Yeah, supposedly.
If they had already technology which we do not have today
like producing sound waves, producing energy,
we are not able to do that today.
And, those may have glowed from within,
in that energy field and that's why they use those
incredible ceramics with this brilliant constellations
and eyes shining.
That's another possibility.
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, we just learned that
our ancestors they were wild people,
they didn't know anything.
Our oldest civilizations are going back around 6,000 years.
But, there are so many pieces like also Michael Cremo
wrote in his book.
Forbidden Archeology.
He did good research.
We are going back millions, and millions, and millions
of years like in Columbia in close to
Villa de Leyva they found cultivated
fruits and vegetables petrified
in an area where you only find fossils.
And, the age of the fossils from this area goes back
around 120, 140 million years.
And, they also found a human hand and a human foot
skeleton petrified in a stone plate.
Age dating geological-wise is about 120 to 140 million years
so why these pieces cannot be accepted as
reality because it would open
a missing link of over 120 million years
of history.
So, we are here on 6,000 years and we have a missing
link up to 120 and even more million years.
What happened in between?
And some say, even Cremo, into the billions
of years perhaps.
Right, like the South African spheres they found.
So, there's too much and I think why the Mayans
and the Aztecs have their legend of the four times
the Earth had a big global catastrophe and now we are
going into the fifth and the ending of the Mayan calendar,
I'm not afraid that world will disappear in 2012
because my planning is already 2014 and still
we have to do a lot more.
But, something will happen I think.
Well, we're obviously in a very sped up
period of time, everybody can even feel just on a physical
level time is speeding up, knowledge is pouring to
the forefront at an incredible rate, changes within
the Earth itself.
The expressions of this, whether it be tsunamis,
earthquakes, everything is becoming more saturated and I
think that that intensification will certainly keep up.
To what end, no one really, truly knows.
We don't know the degree to which the earth is going to
shake herself up here, but we do know that we are being
given incredible keys and clues to our past right now.
That really, we're at a time we can
no longer afford the luxury of waiting
for the scientific community to catch up
with what's being presented,
which creates some problems.
Speculation can be wild and off the charts,
at the same time if we're going to wait for
the scientific community to give this their blessing.
I think the most important, for me, is we can learn
so much from these researches which might
help us to change our life because we have to
change our life.
If we continue like we do today we are one day blamed
by our children and grandchildren what we have done
because look, wide catastrophe,
atomic catastrophes.
We destroy our Earth by ourselves, and maybe it happened
already several times.
So, let's study old history, really old history
in cooperation with scientists, because I always say
I'm not a scientist.
I would need information, I would not like to fight
against the scientists.
No.
Ask them help, let's try
to find together an answer on so many questions.
And, there are some very brave scientists
that are willing to risk their tenure, risk their funding,
risk everything to go into these areas.
And, I so admire and respect the ones who are willing
to really take a new look at these artifacts rather than
trying to deny it because it goes against the prevailing
theories of the day.
So, for you what do you think has been since sitting
in those hotel rooms looking at these various art exhibits
and artifacts that were inexplicable in the early days
to today, what do you think on a personal level has been
catapulting you, driving you, 'cause you're stubborn.
You're going to make this stuff happen.
What's been driving you forward?
First of all that I found out that our history
is completely different.
I found the approval.
And second, at the time when I started the idea of making
the first exhibition with such objects
I always said, leave me alone with the esoteric people
because they are all flying on a pink cloud.
But then, on my trips to South America and later on
to other countries also, but especially in South America
I had so strange experiences that still
I don't have an explanation but it showed me
that there is so much between sky and Earth
we do not know.
So, I also changed completely and I take these things
now much more serious than I did before.
Congratulations, because I'm walking between
both of those worlds all the time and I'm comfortable
with both of those worlds and I love the esoteric part
of our own beings that we can tap into.
So, I'm happy that you're getting comfortable with
the fact that we may have more dimensions than
what is obvious to us.
And, it's certainly as you say, the proof is there
what we see sitting here wasn't as simple as the stories
that are being giving to us either through creationism,
nor through evolution.
However, all of these may have some kind of piece
in one of these puzzles.
Yeah.
Any final thoughts?
Hoping for a good future for all of us.
Me too, and I wanna thank you so much for
taking your will and determination, time, and you're
so meticulous in what you do to bring all of this together
because it really takes physical evidence.
It does take physical evidence and you're the one,
you have connections all over the world now.
You're one of the primary people that is bringing
all of this and amassing it together.
And, that's a lot of will, it's tedious.
You have to deal with governments of the world
and permissions to be able to bring this out
and gather it together even here in Europe
for people to see.
It's really hard, I can say, yeah.
I appreciate that you're literally spending your
life's work and life's force and your mind doing this
and thank you on behalf of all of us.
Thank you, thank you very much for coming to Vienna.
To keep abreast of Klaus' work and upcoming exhibition
you can go to unsolved-mysteries.info.
You can also order his DVD or look at photos of some
of these startling artifacts via this website.
I've learned that Klaus may have some even more profound
discoveries in the not too distant future.
So, you'll wanna check in with him from time to time
as will we.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(mellow music)